Release 4.6.27 - release notes (#3036)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.6.md

month_change: false
---

<!-- vale Ibexa.VariablesVersion = NO -->

[[= release_notes_filters('Ibexa DXP v4.6 LTS', ['Headless', 'Experience', 'Commerce', 'LTS Update', 'New feature']) =]]

<div class="release-notes" markdown="1">

[[% set version = 'v4.6.27' %]]
[[= release_note_entry_begin("Ibexa DXP " + version, '2026-02-03', ['Headless', 'Experience', 'Commerce']) =]]

### Added support for Elasticsearch 8

Elasticsearch 8 is now officially supported.
If you're currently using Elasticsearch 7, which is [no longer maintained](https://www.elastic.co/support/eol), it's recommended to upgrade.
See the [update instructions](update_from_4.6.md#elasticsearch-8-support) for more information.

### Added asynchronous processing of data in Ibexa DXP

You can now process requests from [[[= product_name_cdp =]]](/cdp/cdp.md) asynchronously, in the background.

> Use it to make the system faster and prevent data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use it to improve performance and prevent data loss.
```

To enable this behavior, install and configure the [Ibexa Messenger package](background_tasks.md).
Then, set the batch size that triggers asynchronous processing:

``` yaml
ibexa_cdp:
    bulk_async_threshold: 100
```

When the number of [audience](https://content.raptorservices.com/help-center/how-to-build-audiences-in-the-customer-data-platform) changes coming from [Raptor](https://www.raptorservices.com/) exceeds this number, the changes are sent to the queue and processed in the background.
Otherwise, they are processed synchronously.

> ### Improved HTTP caching for Page Builder and Dashboard blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Improved HTTP caching for Page Builder and dashboard blocks
```
